c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\DI.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\DI.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\obj\Debug\DI.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\obj\Debug\DI.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\BL.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\BO.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\bin\Debug\BO.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\DI\obj\Debug\DI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
