c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\SmsWebApplication.dll.config
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\SmsWebApplication.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\SmsWebApplication.pdb
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\obj\Debug\SmsWebApplication.dll
c:\users\a.usov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\obj\Debug\SmsWebApplication.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\obj\Debug\SmsWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\DI.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\DI.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\DAL.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\BO.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\DAL.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\BO.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\BL.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\BL.pdb
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\a.usov\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SmsWebApplication\SmsWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
